Mystic Companion - End-User License Agreement (EULA)
Effective Date: June 19, 2025

This End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) ("Licensee" or "You") and Mystic Companion ("Licensor" or "We") for the Mystic Companion mobile application ("Application" or "Software").

Please read this Agreement carefully before completing the installation process and using the Application. It provides a license to use the Application and contains warranty information and liability disclaimers.

If you register for a free trial of the Application, this Agreement will also govern that trial. By clicking "Accept", installing, or using the Application, you are confirming your acceptance of the Application and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this Agreement.

If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not install or use the Application.

1. License Grant
Mystic Companion hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable limited license to install and use the Application on your device(s) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

You are permitted to load the Application (for example, on a mobile phone or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your device meets the minimum requirements of the Application.

2. License Restrictions
You agree not to, and you will not permit others to:

Modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the Application.

Rent, lease, sell, sublicense, assign, or transfer your rights in the Application.

Make copies of the Application, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

Use the Application in any manner that is not expressly authorized by this Agreement.

Remove or alter any proprietary notices or labels on the Application.

3. Intellectual Property
The Application is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties. Mystic Companion owns the title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the Application. This Agreement does not grant you any rights to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, or any other rights in respect to the Application, except for the limited license granted above.

4. Termination
This Agreement is effective from the date you first use the Application and shall continue until terminated. You may terminate it at any time by ceasing all use of the Application.

This Agreement will also terminate immediately and without prior notice if you fail to comply with any term or condition of this Agreement. Upon such termination, you must immediately cease all use of the Application and destroy all copies of the Application in your possession.

5. No Warranty
The Application is provided "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" without any warranty of any kind. Mystic Companion expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, or statutory, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.

Mystic Companion does not warrant that the Application will be uninterrupted, error-free, secure, or free from viruses or other harmful components. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the Application will be accurate or reliable.

The astrological readings and advice provided through the Application are for entertainment purposes only and should not be considered professional advice.

6. Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Mystic Companion be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Application, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Application, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Agreement), even if Mystic Companion has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.

Some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.

7. Governing Law
The laws of [Your State/Country], excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the Application. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

8. Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Mystic Companion regarding your use of the Application and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous written or oral agreements between you and Mystic Companion.

9. Changes to this Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Application after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Application.

10. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us:

By email: support@mysticcompanion.com
